# Cover Letter

To whom it may concern,

As a Senior Project Lead with 5 years of experience in the design, prototyping and launch of new products, I am now looking to share my expertise as a **Product Manager** to help your team build and ship great products to make Hubs even more indispensable for designers and engineers. 

Hubs’ mission to empower engineers to create revolutionary products resonates deeply with my own experience of **product development and love for prototyping**; I’ve almost been a client myself of Hubs when designing and testing new products, and I have given out a class at my alma mater last year on the different types of prototyping that can be done depending on the end goal. I am convinced that the combination of Hubs and Protolabs assets can truly democratize and revolutionize the way engineers design and develop products.

I have been **designing and launching new products and services, at a very fast pace**, at Possible Future for the past 3.5 years. I have been **leading projects** since my start there, first on the technical aspects, and then as a whole, managing both the client relation as well as operational problem solving to provide the best results by each deadline. This has been the opportunity for me to perfect my project management skills and strategic thinking in order to build and share with the team **a clear vision, as well as the process to get there**. Prior to this experience I’ve worked on **design sprints** with R&D engineers to come up with innovations answering user pain points with the latest technical innovations. I’ve always loved to work in multidisciplinary teams and I would be thrilled to lead the development process with your teams of engineers, designers and data scientists.

For the past 5 years, I’ve always put **the user at the center of the process**. I’ve started all my projects by doing comprehensive **user and market research** to make sure I can have the most impact and that the time and resources invested will make a profound difference for the client. I have lead these research online and offline, both in Europe and the US. As a project leader, I want to make sure that I am looking at the right opportunity, but providing the best solution is just as important. And again, I am convinced that nothing can beat a real user feedback. To do so, I am very keen on **testing hypotheses quickly**, and I’ve designed and run both qualitative and quantitative tests. My analytical mindset and empathy have often been praised by my managers as some of my strongest skills. I am confident that these will allow me contribute to the team’s success by making sure that we have the customer at the centre of every decision.

I’ve had the chance to develop innovative products in a wide variety of formats, including **software**, and in multiple ways. Every time I’ve had the opportunity in my career I tried to dive deeper in software development. I started into coding by creating optimization algorithms in Python, then developed an app using React Native for a client a few years ago, designed an online B2B service for another more recently, and I am currently taking a UX/UI internal training program. Now more than ever I want to work on software products and have the opportunity to lead its development to push it as far as possible, past its initial launch.

The experiences that shaped me as a professional have always been in **a startup environment**, at different stages: designing a hardware product with a friend, launching a new innovation service with a pirate attitude within a corporation, or joining a new startup that doubled in size in a year. I thrive in this fast-paced and evolving environment and it is now something that I am looking to experience at another level. It would be an incredible opportunity to work in a scale-up like Hubs, especially at a time when you are joining forces with Protolabs.

Last but not least the location of Hubs is one that is very interesting for me. My partner has been in Amsterdam for the past year and half, so it is a city I have gotten to discover in depth and love. I am often working remotely from there and it would be my pleasure to come by your office to meet you in person.

Kind regards,
Jules 
